hey guys it's Maria and today I'm gonna
be doing a muon howleen and Clawdeen
serious sign that is exclusive where it
will just pop and this one is from
Target
not from traceless this is a target this
is the only target here is clogging and
howleen with Colleen's pest sure cushion
and it's a porcupine I think and my hair
says includes the diary all piled big
woof hey cookie diary you like you like
to close the book come on okay right
here is what they have like what today
Clawdeen Wolf Hollywood daughter of the
world of and out to the back of office
back up of box has thoughts high logo
and their names again of course their
little drawing Google and operetta never
to denial intro and here is all about
Holly and the other side is a little
note from cloudy and when I read a
little bit of that says my sister
howling is my little sister and she can
absolutely drive me crazy when we were
both pups she used to follow me around
and try to do everything I did
everything on Holland's first day of
school her teacher asked her what she
wanted to be when she grew up
and Holly said I want to be cloudy so
sweet it makes you bangs hurt right well
somewhere along the way Holly decided
she didn't want to be in any me anymore
she wanted to be annoying to it she was
really good at it too I mean like sneak
oh good and that's all it's you know
I'm gonna open them up so excited see
you guys later
hey guys I'm Ike from opening up and
I'll be doing a two-in-one
video of you know I have success -
impact of cloudy and yeah
so here's Halloween her hair is isn't -
Pawnee tells one on the upper side and
one on the backside and it's in two
ponytails with the curls and second
Mohawk her it one years folded while the
other is not with thee safety pin and
she has one crawler here her makeup is
really plain well it's like fierce but
it's blue and a little bit pink her lips
are just like her bracelet is yellow
blue it's not that bright it's together
these braces it's far separate though
one is blue beeps one is black one is
pink her backpack it has so much details
it has it Paul orange slice and back but
it's not like this is plastic and an H
for having her sweater is blue dark blue
background with her scratch marks with
light blue orange and pink paws and it's
a new jacket
uh orange shirt a black shirt I love it
and the yellow necklace um I don't know
if these are called but yeah Spencer's I
think shorts and stripe leggings blue
orange and yellow fish nets are pink
and boots blue and yellow belts
these dolls don't come down so this and
her little pet here is Clawdeen just
purple hair curly it's held in the back
but if you want you could leave it out
in a row just for earrings gold earrings
she has green things put into this side
it's black highlights she has a dress
that is green with pink letter and ice
the lower of the dress is zippers and
her one of her socks is zebra babe and
shoes are cold and I'll show you
something that is similar to this doll
this is a fashion pack and it's the goes
out one I use the dead tired
cutting and this is the outfit this
skirt is similar but the zippers going
up and down need some side to side the
shoes are the same but black and gold
the hair is purple in the back so I
think the used dis ting as an example
for this doll so yeah that's the end of
my review right